Get out of here
Lin Jia
I can save you.
Don't worry, there are locals here
No one can leave alive
What are you afraid of? I am the amazing stone field.
I see who dares to mind my business
Continue to kill the little white face
A total of two dare to come
This is from your wife, okay?
Watch from the side
What does the uncle care about your wife coming?
This is not the prince
As for the people, the army of 10,000 is outside
Already surrounded you
At that time, my father was a hot summer
He'll be here soon.
Then I'll show him a good show
Stay down
Stay down and save me
put
Let it go, don't let it go
I dare to kill him
Do you dare not?
You think there's still something to save God
Go away
Underground work
Disperse
This is still the stupid boss of that cowardly rat
There is such a violent killing side
he
He killed Yan Shifan in front of Yan Xiang
What a show!
I am the Amazing Messenger
His Royal Highness
Shouldn't the person who killed me give me an explanation?
It's your turn if you kill me
It's like completely turning against my soldier
I rent 100,000 cavalry army under the county
Lay all your so-called emperor and prince at your feet
Take your mother's nutrition lightly
All as angry as two lambs
One three three four
Not for me
For military affairs
Hurt me trend
So teach me a lesson.
They tell you
Just this injury
It's a price your hero can't afford
You better get on your knees and kowtow and apologize
I will bring two scriptures
Spare you trash Han people
What are you doing?